1
The acceleration of gravity in m/s^2 to the tenths place is:

9.8

9.8: The acceleration of gravity is 9.8m/s^2.

2
In projectile motion, what is the horizontal acceleration in m/s^2?

0

0: Horizontal velocity remains constant during projectile motion because there is no acceleration.

3
What is the magnitude(absolute value) of the vertical acceleration in projectile motion in m/s^2?

9.8

9.8: Vertical acceleration is gravity, which has an acceleration of 9.8m/s^2.

4
In projectile motion, the only force acting on the object is the force of gravity; answer with "true" or "false"

true

True: there are no external forces acting on the object except for the force of gravity, which causes it to accelerate downward.

5
In projectile motion, both horizontal and vertical velocity remain constant; answer with "true" or "false"

false

False: The force of gravity causes vertical acceleration, meaning that there is change in vertical velocity.

6
In projectile motion, acceleration changes with time; answer with "true" or "false"

false

False: The force of gravity is constant on an object with constant mass

7
Is speed a vector or scalar quantity?

scalar

Scalar: speed only has magnitude, and does not have direction, therefore it is a scalar quantity.

8
Is velocity a vector or scalar quantity?

vector

Vector: velocity has both direction and magnitude, so it is a vector quantity.

9
If an object in projectile motion starts and ends at the same height, it has the same velocity at the beginning and the end; answer with "true" or "false"

false

False: although speed will be the same at the beginning and end, direction will change, causing velocity to change too.

10
The path of a projectile in projectile motion is a parabola; answer with "true" or "false"

true

True: Since X-velocity is constant and Y-velocity changes linearly, a projectile's path can be represented with a parabola.

11
In projectile motion, horizontal velocity stays constant; answer with "true" or "false"

true

True: There is no x-acceleration, so x-velocity does not change

12
In projectile motion, vertical velocity stays constant; answer with "true" or "false"

false

False: There is y-acceleration, gravity, so y-velocity changes linearly

13
If change in height is 0, a projectile launched at 30 degrees to the horizontal will travel the same distance as projectile launched at what angle (in degrees)?

60

60: 30 and 60 are complementary angles, so they will go the same distance if change in height is 0.

14
What angle (in degrees) can a projectile be launched at to reach maximum height?

90

90: launching a projectile perpendicular to the horizontal will make all of its velocity vertical, giving it maximum height.

15
If change in height is 0, what angle (in degrees) can a projectile be launched at to reach maximum distance?

45

45: 45 degrees will give you the maximum distance when launching a projectile


 

 
